I don't know I feel a lot better off if
I would have studied more when I was
growing up you know but you know where
it all went wrong was the day they
started the spelling bee cuz up until
that day I was an idiot but nobody else
know you know and the spelling bee day
you know popped up all right kids up
against a wall it's time for public
humiliation saw the word wrong sit down
in front of your friends no that's great
little egos hey look at me i'm a moron i
wasn't even close i was using numbers
and stuff that's why i admired that kid
who spelled it wrong on purpose so he
could sit down you know he knew he
wasn't gonna win so I stand here for
three hours first round cat k ay t I'm
out of here then as he passed you I know
there's two T's I remember my teacher
asked me Brian what's the i before e
role um I before he always what are you
an idiot Brian apparently so she
explains it no Brian it's I before E
except after C and when sounding like a
is a neighboring way and on weekends and
holidays and all throughout May and
you'll always be wrong about what you
say it's a hard roll
that's a rough rule plurals were hard to
Brian how do you make award a plural oh
you put a ass and put a ass at the end
of it when on weekends and holidays no
Brian now let me show you so she asked
this kid who knew everything Irwin Irwin
or when what is he plural for ox oxen
the farmer used his oxen Brian who Fran
what's the plural for box boxing
I bought two boxing of donuts no Brian
now let's try another one Irwin what is
he plural for goose geese I saw a flock
of geese bryan oh bryan what's the
plural form moose muhsin i saw a flock
of moosa there are many of them many
much muhsin out in the woods and the
wood is in the woods in the meats want
the food food is he eating is it the
meats want food and in a warning it is
it and who food in a wooden is it Brian
Brian you're an imbecile in the sullen
what he speaking German Brian German
Jermaine Jermaine Jackson Jackson 5 t
know from what the hell are you talking
about oh no no no really I think the
worst day that was the day the science
project was due waking up that morning
that was fun huh you're headed pop off
your pillow oh no that's due today I
have nine months to work on it did
nothing of a cardboard box of boxing
and you'd show up you're scared cuz you
don't anything good and you find out all
the other kids their parents made theirs
for him I hated that you know their
Backman on flatbed trucks one kid with a
volcano hidden had a zip up his own
pants but he built the volcano he had
your swing there I don't know what to do
for my project so I brought in a paper
cup filled with dirt just hoping she'd
know I'm an idiot and just walk right on
past me as long as I was holding
something real who what do you have
there Brian it's a cup of dirt just put
an F on then let me go home we'll
explain it it's a cop with dirt in it I
call a cup of dirt you should move on
now he's go ahead and move on
how much